Notes:
(700 -1100 words)
Easy to skim: Make use of headings, subheadings, bullet points, or numbered lists to make the post readable and easy to skim.
Links: Include links to original sources, further information, or related resources.  Links should be "live" and formatted (don't print the actual url, rather make a linkable text item)
Keep in mind the principles of good blogging (easy to read, images and figures to enhance, relevant and interesting, etc.)
Resist the temptation to write a "log" of everything you did and/or went through to gather your data.  
    Include just enough information so that someone else can learn from what you did and possibly gather similar data



Post:

Intro-
    Hello there! Welcome to my data science blog! Today I will be teaching you how to scrape your own movie dataset,
    and then use it to find interesting relations between that movie, it's ratings, it revenue, and more!

Why project relevant-
    This project is relevant because new movies are coming out every month, and we want to if they are worth watching before they come out.
    Disney in particular has been producing many movies over hte recent years. 
    IF we can find trends in what movies will be good or not, we can save ourselves headache in trying to decide if it is worth our time and dime.

why project interesting-
    This project is interesting because it can show how people have viewed disney and it's movies over time
    Does familiarity bring comfort or breed contempt? 

Motivating Question (what do we hope to learn from the data)-
    We hope to find a correlation between factors that might show us in advance if something is worth seeing or if a movie will be worth making for Disney.
    We wouldn’t want to expect a sequel only to learn that no one paid for the first movie. 

Why it is ethical to get the data we gathered-
    It is ethical to gather the data we gathered because we abided by the robots.txt and used a public website with public information. 

How we implemented good scraping practice-
    We included a header in our request 
    We abided by all rules in robots.txt
        We ensured we didn't go onto any websites where we weren't wanted
        There was not timer, but we made sure to only scrape once in a while and not constantly
            (I'm not sure how this is different with pandas.read_html, but I know only used it once, and then not for a few minutes later)

Summary of steps to obtain data (emphasis on teaching other how to get started with similar project)
    (Don't be too detailed)
    1. scraped titles and year from website
    2. reformatted the titles to fit rotten_tomatoes formula
    3. created rotten tomatoes urls
    4. checked the urls to see if they worked
    5. If they didn't we tried multiple methods to fix them, and for hte unique ones, manually fixed them.
    6. Then we took each url and scrapped the information we needed from it.
    7. Then we turned it into a pandas dataframe
    8. Then we cleaned that dataframe
    9. All done! dataset is ready to be analyzed!
   



Summary information/statistics/graphics-
    (Concerning info: total sample size, counts of categorical variables, numerical summaries of numeric variables)
mean Revenue                        83668368.78
mean Audience-Score                 61.017    
mean Critic-Score                   62.65               
Audience and Critic coralation      0.72



Most interesting findings-
1. Movie ratings appear to be consistently going up each decade (on average), indicating that movies are getting better. 
2. Movies rated R have the lowest revenue amount on average (this may be affected by the low number of R-rated movies).
3. Movies rated PG-13 have a noticeable but slight average increase in revenue.
4. TV-14 is the highest-rated film on average, with TV-PG the lowest.



Links to further info and resources-
Original movie source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Walt_Disney_Pictures_films
Source for ratings: https://www.rottentomatoes.com/
Related sources others could use: https://www.metacritic.com/movie/  and  https://www.imdb.com/

Link to code in separate github repo-
https://github.com/CNelson2004/Movies_Analysis
